January : -
1. Power Of A Number (recursive), Sum Of Array (recursive)
2. Check Number in Array, Last Index of Number (recursive), First Index Of Number (recursive), Remove X (recursive), Remove Duplicates (recursive) 
3. Replace PI (recursive), Binary Search (recursive), Merge Sort (recursive), Quick Sort (recursive), Tower of Hanoi
4. Geometric Sum (recursive), Check Palindrome (recursive), Sum of digits (recursive), Multiplication (Recursive), Pair Star
5. Count Zeros (recursive), Staircase (recursive), Check AB String (recusive)
6. Get Subsequence, Get Keypad Combination
7. Print Increasing Decreasing, Print ZigZag
8. Complex Number (OOPs), Fraction Number (OOPs)
9. Insertion Sort, Selection Sort, Bubble Sort
10. Arr Reverse(GFG), Find Min and Max (GFG), Find Kth Smallest /Largest (GFG)
11. Sort 012's , Move Negative
12. Union of two arrays, Cyclic Rotations, Kadanes's Algo
13. Minimize the height II and complete explaination
14. Minimum Number Of Jumps
15. OOPs continue
16. Operations of Linked List:- Creating of Linked List, deletion of Node, lenght of Linked List, Printing Linked List
17. Remove Duplicate, Merge two array in O(1) auxilary space
18. Find a Node in Linked List, AppendLastNToFirst, Eliminate duplicates from LL, Doubly Linked List, Palindrome LinkedList
19. LinkedList continue Reversing Singly LinkedList with multiple and 'IMPORTANT' ways
20. Merge Intervals, Next Permutation, Count Inversion ~ merge Sort approach 
21. Merge Sort LinkedList, Bubble Sort, Binary Search, Even After Odd, Delete Every N Node, K-reverse
22. Stack Using Array and Link List, Balance Paranthesis, Reverse Stack using 2 Stack, Check Redundant Bracket, Stock Span, Minimum Bracket Reverse
23. Best time to buy and sell, Count pair with given Sum,  Common Element in 3 array, Rearange positive after negative, Subarray with sum 0
24. Queue using LinkedList, Stack using 2 Queue, Reverse a Queue, K-Reverse Queue
25. Maximum Product Subarray, Find element appear more than n/k time, Array subset of another subset
26. Turplet Sum, Traping Rain Water, Chochlate Distribution problem
27. Smallest subarray with sum greater than k, Minimum swap and K together 
28. Median of two sorted array of equal size, median of two sorted array of different size
29. Spiral Traversal, Search in sorted matrix, Median of Row wise sorted array
30. 
31. 
